Object of the game
------------------

The object of the game is to deliver ten successful blows to your
opponent before he or she can do the same.


Setup
-----

Each player should start the fight.py script from the Python shell's
'Run Script' menu option.

One player should select 'I am the Champion' from the menu that
appears. This make his or her phone the 'server'.  A message will
appear saying 'waiting for client on channel 5...' (or possibly some
other number).

The other player should select 'I am the Challenger'. He or she will
be then prompted with 'Discover automatically?'. He or she should then
answer 'yes' and a a list of nearby bluetooth-enabled phones will
appear*. The other player should select the champion's phone from this
list. 

If setup is successful, a sword 'unsheathing' sound effect will be
heard on both phones, and both players can commence combat.


* NOTE that the Python interpreter may crash at this point. This
probably means that the socket.bt_discover() call is faulty. To remedy
this, alter the script as described in INSTALL, then rerun the script
and answer 'no' to the question 'Discover automatically'. If prompted
for a channel, enter the number displayed on the champion's phone.


Combat
------

A vertical attack is successfully defended by a horizontal block and
vice versa.

To execute a vertical attack:

Start with the phone screen facing you in a vertical (i.e. portrait)
position. Move the phone rapidly downward and away from you.

To execute a horizontal attack:

Start with the phone screen facing you pointing to the left or right,
it doesn't matter which (i.e. landscape). Move the phone rapidly away
and to the side.

To block:

Hold your phone vertically or horizontally, as appropriate, with the
screen facing you. Note that holding the phone upside-down is *not* a
valid block.

In either form of attack, a sword 'swhoosh' sound should be heard. If
your attack is successful (i.e. not blocked), your opponent's phone
will play an 'urrgh' sound effect and he or she will lose of his or
her 10 health points. Otherwise, a 'ching' sound effect will be heard.

When one player has no health left, the game is over.


Playing again
-------------

At the end of the game, each player will be told the result and
prompted to play again. Each player must give the same answer, or the
game will crash! (see 'Known limitations' in the README file)


Practice Mode
-------------

Selecting 'I need practice' from the first menu will initiate a
practice mode, where you can swoosh your virtual sword to your heart's
content. No other phone is necessary in this mode.
